So we started working on our application.
Now I also want to improve the global styling of the entire layout application.
White funds would be great.
And I want to start working on reusable components.
Let's start with the application wide styling.
I want to add some fonts and there is One Fund I want to use I mean Google funds you can simply google
for while Google Faunce and you should find that fun start Google dot com page.
And there I just like the Plus next to open sense.
Then click on the element which opened at the bottom.
And now this is how we can add it to our application we just need to add that link to our HTL page in
the head section.
So let's copy and where's our h G-mail page.
Is it that page the indexed of your file.
But then which one would we use.
Do we maybe we used to lay out.
But here's a secret the lay out also is just included in and number wrapping.
H G-mail page 2 is created by next.
The problem just as we don't see that page but we can add elements to the head section because it's
such a common requirement for the next conflict Jarius fall although half way deeper into it later.
But in there you will find this head property if not add it.
And then there you find ways to set the page title page meta data.
Again I will revisit this but also link which is an array of link elements.
So these elements here which you want to add to your page.
So in there I'll simply add a new link which is a new javascript object which has a real property of
whatever we have here.
So Stahl's sheet in our case your so well a string style sheet.
Then we need a ref right.
We need that ref.
So we just copied and pasted it in there.
But it's a property.
So the equal sign has to be replaced with a colon.
And now this will be added to every HTL page generated by next.
So to every page.
So now we're importing this from that global CDN.
And with dead we can now go to the default layout because I will only use that lay out in this application.
So I will use that instead of a global C-s as fall which would be an optional alternate lead and will
remove the existing styling in there and instead I want to style the H T.M. content.
I want to assign a default font family to the entire page H-G email and that will be open sand's with
a full bag of sensors.
If that can be loaded.
And I also want to start my application wide body.
I simply want to set the margin to Ciro.
Now with that if we go back to our application you'll see the font changed.
And if we inspect it we can indeed see that if it brings up that it has this fun family applied that
fine until this it changes back.
So this really works.
This is now Blyde because I added to the next config file the import and then the stylus side and to
the default layout.
Now of course we can do way more styling on the individual pages and then also of course on the components
we may use in these pages.
Speaking of that let's add some.